c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\obj\Debug\1aMigrator.csproj.App.config
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\obj\Debug\1aMigrator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\1aMigrator.exe.config
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\1aMigrator.exe
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\1aMigrator.pdb
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.dll
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.pdb
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.xml
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\obj\Debug\1aMigrator.exe
c:\users\rt\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\obj\Debug\1aMigrator.pdb
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\1aMigrator.exe.config
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\obj\Debug\1aMigrator.exe
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\obj\Debug\1aMigrator.pdb
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\1aMigrator.exe
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\1aMigrator.pdb
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.dll
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.pdb
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Neo4jClient.xml
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\obj\Debug\1aMigrator.csproj.App.config
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\obj\Debug\1aMigrator.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.dll
C:\Work\1aMigrator\1aMigrator\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.pdb
